My father always taught me
that we needed God in our life
in order for there to be peace.
And he always wanted to know,
Can Christians go to war?
How is this consistent
with the Gospel of Jesus Christ?
But the pastor could never give us an answer,
and so I thought I’d have to look
to politics to find it.
A lot of peace movements
were being formed at that time,
so I joined one of them.
We decided where
the protest marches would be
and which pamphlets we would use.
But after the protests were over,
everyone was so excited
and they all started applauding
and cheering for the leaders.
I thought:
‘That’s not what I wanted.
‘I don’t want to honor people.
‘I want to have world peace.
And that still hasn’t happened yet.’
Then I started to feel very alone,
and it made me feel unsafe in this world.
With no peace in sight,
I thought,
‘What is the purpose of life?’
While visiting friends for coffee,
I saw a man I’d never met before.
My friends told me he wanted
to talk to us about the Bible.
So I asked him:
“Sir, what do you think?
Can Christians join the military?”
And the man said,
“No, that’s not allowed
because the Bible says
you should ‘love your [enemy].’”
It made me think
about what my father always said
—that we need God to bring peace.
Then a really nice lady came to my door,
and she had an orange book in her hand.
And it said:
True Peace and Security.
After reading it, I thought:
‘This is it!
This is the organization
that truly wants peace.’
So I went to those involved
in the peace movement.
I told them that I believe
that God will change this world
into a beautiful earth
where there’ll be true peace.
They all looked at me
like I had lost my mind.
I was so happy with my new life.
I felt like I was part of a family
who truly cared about one another
and really wanted peace with each other.
Isaiah 14:7 had a major impact on my life
because there God promises
a calm and peaceful world.